baby have you ever wondered wondered whatever became of me I'm living on the
air in Cincinnati Cincinnati WKRP come on everybody
got kind of tired of packing and unpacking town to town up and down the
dial maybe you and me were never meant to be but maybe think of me once or
while I'm on WKRP in the McElroy brothers are not experts I used up all
my time singing and their advice should never be followed
Travis claims he's a sexpert but if there's a degree on his wall I haven't
seen it also this show isn't for kids so all you babies out there know how cool
you are for listening what's up you cool baby
hey my town cool start hello everybody welcome my brother my brother to me and
if I show for the modern era I'm your oldest brother just I'm your hometown
hero and middle is brother Travis McElroy and I'm your sweet baby brother
and 30 under 30 media luminary who famously moved away from this city
Griffin McElroy it doesn't matter they don't they don't give a shit trash okay
the streets you drive on I paid for those streets by the way I apologize for
the fact that our dad forgot that our audience is collectively 15 years old
and doesn't know what the fuck WKRP you did help me win a bet though yeah
appreciate that did tell dad wouldn't fly that bird it is laying I like that
you I do appreciate that many of you it seemed took a kind of tootless guess at
how the song ended Cincinnati that'll help keep our dad warm tonight local boy
made bad yeah hey bad news immediately before we came on stage right before our
dad just fucking bombed so hard you know I cut the intro from every I'm gonna
leave that one in okay you know I'm assuming if you don't half of this show
won't make sense right you know Hollywood Knights by Bob Seger was
playing so I was doing a bit of a dance backstage to sort of get ready and
involved a sort of like a Ukrainian folk dance spinning maneuver Griff we're
actually in like a visual medium right now do you think we get just this quick
sample Paul Paul if you can help us out with a little bit of Hollywood Knight
this probably won't make it well the odd cast but okay this was gonna end in how
bad the dance was for me physically as a person but I guess I could kind of a
spin so it was a lot like that are you okay here's the problem how's your
bottom we'll cut this backstage I got dizzy and sick just now my butthole
exploded so this is gonna be a 15 minute long episode because that's how long
it'll take for an ambulance to get here I had the realization my spine
telescoped on stage while I was failing to do a Ukrainian folk dance to Bob
Seger so that's the worst moment of my life I had that realization backstage I
want to be 40 this year pretty soon this entire pre-show playlist is gonna be Bob
Seger yeah it's just gonna slowly evolve statistically speaking eventually and I
cannot wait so yes Cincinnati like the Chilean miners before us we have
reemerged here in Cincinnati this is where they came out they dug a
sideways hole way more work than they needed to work but they love those
hard-hitting redlegs so they they came out here in Cincinnati so okay this is
an advice show where we take your questions and turn them out could be
like into wisdom we're gonna do that for you many of you sit in questions we do
appreciate you hold on Travis is all this peacocking backstage all this my
town bullshit means we're gonna get all that we're gonna get all the fucking
Travis segments tonight not all of them and this was set in by Scott McFall and
Scott actually send this in weeks ago and I stumbled across it and found it so
delicious I saved it from my town okay so it's been fermenting and going rancid
and rancid guys hey dudes my butt hurts a lot that's the new pin of the month
okay okay I like any this riddle begins with so so this man is in a slump and he
is in a boat and he's about to fall out he is not wearing a lifejacket so he
grabbed something hairy so he does not fall out what did he grab do you need me
to read it again I wish you wouldn't but I said you're going to anyway this man
is in a swarm could set my watch yeah and he is in a boat and he is about to
fall out he is not wearing a lifejacket so he grabbed something hairy so he does
not fall out what did he grab now while Justin and Griffin pondered this one for
those of you have never heard riddle me pissed welcome this is a quiet this was
a riddle submitted to the website riddles calm and somebody submitted this
inside this is a great riddle that other people need to consume your gas Griffin
now you're you're googling no I'm gonna say his best friend who is also in the
boat with him I'm gonna say cousin it from the Addams family what did he grab
why a bobcat's tail and I'm going to read it I'm going to read this verbatim
wait why what I'm going to read this are they telling a story like about their
dad I'm going to read this verbatim a bobcat's tail the bobcat is in a tree
PS I hope it does not eat him
that is among the dumbest shit I've ever even to grant this person the fiction
this guy's about to fall in the swamp uh-huh and he's like I've got a plan I'm
going to hold on to a cat above me uh-huh and not fall out of the boat what
this would presuppose is that if you grabbed a bobcat bobcat's tail the
bobcat would retain its grip on the tree enough that you could hang from the
bobcats a lot of things are gonna have to go exactly right for this bobcat to
be like I got you Ricky remember that time you saved my life that bobcat has
like been doing pull-ups every day it's like it's like the end of signs the
bobcats like it's all about this saving Ricky Justin my roommate is not a
woodworker and yet he has taken it upon himself to do work on our wood furniture
specifically our dining room table now has rounded and at best rustic corners
rustic interchangeably with shitty
thanks to his efforts other plans and don't put your elbows on the table no
really please don't you will get hurt other plans include building a shelving
unit above his already wobbly IKEA bed and cutting the couch in half to make
two chairs on the one hand I want to be a good friend a feeling that is not
reciprocated and support his new interest and hobby on the other hand I
like my furniture without saw marks brothers how can I encourage my roommate
to broaden his carpentry horizons without sacrificing any more furniture
that's from concerning Columbus are you here that was that was actually the
sound of them falling out of the chair that their roommate I think I think
referring to a couch that has been cut the fuck in half as having quote saw
marks on it is being incredibly generous to your roommate I what you should do is
get your roommate just like I like a foot of two by four and ask them to
start sawing through it because if they're anything like me they'll make
it two inches in and back oh wait this this is hard I want to get into a bit of
a semantic issue here you say your roommate is not a woodworker but I have
news for you they don't they don't cut your couch in half so I'm gonna go
ahead and argue they are a woodwork now quality I can't speak to that but you
can't deny you've begun they've begun working yeah with wood sure so by that
logic Justin everyone's a bad doctor
explain I could cut an arm off no no no no okay but you don't yeah but I but if
I did you went back you're the lowest rung on dr. ladder yeah but if I throw a
knife at a cow I'm not a butcher yeah okay but I'm assuming they put arms back
on the couch halves to make chairs right assuming a lot yeah it's being very
again in this fiction you have sewn another different arm onto your friend
and I guess to continue the metaphor shown two arms on yeah to just make him
a little more kick-ass like a cool three-armed friend right I cut my friend
and have to have two friends yeah I know that what now that would be a butcher I
would love to get an Excel spreadsheet from your roommate of how all of the
furniture math in the world breaks down for example half a couch as we all know
is two chairs what half a chair half a chair now we're talking about four
Ottomans half an Ottoman maybe it's a tiny stool for an infant right each in
each infant stool is 12 coasters I I liked my favorite detail on the question
is the wobbly IKEA bed because they couldn't even do that shit right yeah
hey how about a Yahoo from the Yahoo Answers service yes please
Emma can't sent this in thank you Emma can't are you here oh okay yeah what's
not to like it's by Yahoo Answers user lowdown who asks how to recover from a
horrible sacks performance first of all it happens to everyone and it's totally
normal Oh sacks yeah do you hey quick question do you feel good about that
joke not right now but I will later when I tell myself everyone laughs okay you
and you and dad can have a cool I think I broke my wrist I had a performance
tonight which for me went bad I tried to do a Ukrainian folk dance I hit some
notes without really resolving them and had some fumbles while playing does that
mean you drop the sacks yeah the other team picked it up started playing
competing jazz people said it sounded good but in my soul I know better that's
gonna be the one that keeps me out of heaven yeah how do I go from here
because my performances have gone down and now I think I might not be asked to
play again next year thanks in advance oh I'll see you got sad at the end it
got saying you're all in your head you need an easy one they need to set
yourself up with someone who's like never heard what's up it looks like you
need to fucking like headline the next Bonnar and be like what's up guys who's
ready for hot cross
but it's not actually poppin I'm so bad at this instrument but it sounds like
they were doing good before this one well they have been going down that's
what I'm saying going down since then all in their head yeah so what do you
suggest are you just pointing out the question that they already know it's
just that they need something to get their groove back one thing you could do
if you realize a sax performance is going poorly this is what I do hmm is
you announce I'm gonna do a really cool one now this is the one I wrote but only
super smart people can hear it and then you just stop blowing and do stuff with
your fingers yeah and everybody's like yeah this is good and they're all
looking around like I don't want everybody to know I can't hear it mmm
because only really smart people can appreciate it which now that I say that
out loud is the conceit of jazz writ large only smart people can hear this
always smart people can it I don't want to let everybody else know I'm not
smart yeah I like this mmm I like all the notes they don't play yeah this is
good you know that is not actually that dissimilar from how I got through middle
school band which was just by putting my trombone up to my lips and moving my arm
wild from both the easiest instrument to fake because nobody's gonna see
somebody going like I'd be like they would not work that hard unless they
were fucking shredding right now
you could also if you feel you're losing the audience while you're doing a
saxophone performance just step in front of everyone else and start going bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum singing it cuz you don't know how to play this right yeah
if you just start vocalizing you can call me Al that will go so good for you
I bet they'll talk about that's a viral video right there now you're famous oh
sure there's a lot of stuff you could do on the stage to go viral while you're
playing a saxophone Travis you get three try and eat the saxophone try and
make someone else eat the saxophone pretend like the saxophone is a penis
pretend the saxophone is a penis is very good Travis see you didn't even need to
think very hard to land on that one say hey everybody I'm gonna see how far I
can stick my arm up the wrong end of the saxophone and then you have to wait for
the cops to come and get your arm out of the saxophone that's funny how was the
jazz concert last night it's all about the notes they didn't play because a
man got his arm stuck in his own baritone saxophone to the fucking elbow
somebody else came up and cut it off and yelled I'm a doctor at the end he was
doing a tight solo and shot his own severed arm into the audience I will
never forget it he got 200 but it's hard to compete with all the let's plays
these days if only he had cut his arm off and hidden it inside a surprise egg
or some shit in our high school's local theater I've been looking for a way to
set myself apart as more than just the guy okay yeah it's all right I just
don't I couldn't figure out why they called the cops
I want the people to call the last person you would call but it's a crime
against music this is okay I mean your fire department does the cat stuff okay
in my defense what the fuck's the fire the fire department's not gonna be like
oh it's good you called the fire department we're the only ones who a
saxophone grease wait is it a baritone saxophone fuck we got nothing for you
you should have called the cops you're gonna call the National Guard yeah I
mean no one is especially well this imaginary situation I grant you in our
high school's local theater I've been looking for a way to set myself apart as
more than just the guy who does lights I think we've stumbled on one already
pretty pretty definitively yeah while also trying to deal with the crushing
anxiety way of being on stage how do I set myself apart from the rest of these
theater kids and really stand out that's from thespian and cincinnati are you
here see that's a good start yeah that's well you just do that from the
lighting grid during shows he just screamed in front of 2,000 or so your
closest friends that's great oh no it's that hooting phantom again have you
thought about phantoming maybe phantoming is the way to go
everyone talks about the phantom yeah you're gonna have to kill some folks
well okay hold on I think when people talk about the phantom they're talking
about the great songs the delectable costumes I don't think they're talking
about like famous ghost murderer the phantom I love the shit he did I feel
like that's the way he gets things done right cuz otherwise he's just a dude who
these weird notes you mean of the opera and not of Billy Zane right when you say
the fan either way really you know you think that's Billy Zane's most defining
role this is go sit backstage with dad until you two have gotten this all out
of your fucking system yeah and also he beat ass in Titanic yeah that's yeah so
the dropping things on people is good but I'm gonna tweak it just a little bit
please do because I'm evil on things yes it's a crime as fans I want to tweak
it a little bit drop one of the let go the rope with the lights on it and then
at the last second rush out be like no Daniel and like push him out of the way
so then you'll be the hero of the school now very thin margin on this one because
you would you could also distinguish yourself as Daniel's murderer and that
begins your fans who've been career if you could sing a couple selections from
Fiddler as you're rushing to tackle David out of the way of the falling
light that would be good especially if while you're racing to save him and
singing you know like tradition and you get killed by the falling light people
are never gonna stop talking about that do you think do you think the way the
fair got started is he did accidentally kill someone and then he was just like
put his hand over his face like I better make this a thing I don't want to beat
this is a guy who dropped a light on a guy murder I'm eccentric murder I'm
whimsical I can carry he's such a character he's such a character this is
how it all began phantom origins five words truth about cats and dogs maybe in
this production of Hamlet Hamlet is a ghost wears a full sheet but you're
doing the voice for the ghost body you don't have to be on stage the ghost is
on stage and also ghost Hamlet is a kick-ass idea
hey Griffin yeah do you know there's already a ghost Hamlet and Hamlet but
this one's this one is different
when he does a whole monologue about death we're gonna have to change or cut
that to be or not to be I know and then the Ghostbusters show up and he's like
ah now I get it they're gonna kill kill me for real real I have the answer I'm
sorry guys I Paul can I get on my jackets too hot can I get my sweater
please Justin quick which segment could this
possibly be I can't I'm worried I know oh hello I didn't come in there I was
just about to ask my brother's little quiz you can't
would you like to play along at home stop stop hold on stop the show stop the
entertainment I need you people if you can still fucking lay claim to that
title I need you people to stop for a second this is gonna be a fun one
imagine you are me or Griffin and your brother just basically said like you're
gonna die in 23 minutes and you have to like go on with the comedy show these
questions are all about Cincinnati oh my god the Queen City this is how the fuck
do you think this is going to go this is gonna be like if Alex Trebek was doing
Jeopardy and he was like what's the capital of Ohio and then somebody be
like beep beep beep you'd be like no shut the fuck up not you guys it's play
along at home and then somebody in the audience starts yelling and he's like
not you either which well-known talk show host was the
mayor of Cincinnati Jerry Springer Jerry Springer yes the fucking faster we
answer these the faster we can get out of play we're going to free you stay
with us what we're gonna get out of this together what are the two secret
ingredients in Cincinnati chili cinnamon and chocolate was I right yes
now those were the two easy ones here's the next four four you say hey that's a
record number of questions for this bit for my town hey hey you may want by the
way if you haven't been recording this on your phone you may want to just for
posterity it's probably gonna be a collector's item and also what Travis
just said his tantrum out to in my town I'll shit wherever I want to which
infamous celebrity criminal was born here on November 12 1934 Bonnie and
Clyde somebody yell Bonnie and Clyde you sounded so fucking confident Connie and
blight so close Justin it was Charles Manson now the hold on shut up I feel
like in this region we got a lot of cool all right now two fun ones for a change
greater Cincinnati is home to vent Haven which houses over 900 artifacts what is
this museum dedicated to puppets ventriloquist puppet yes correct
it's the only one in the nation actually yeah one last one by the way guys I'm
gonna need more monitor cuz I can't hear them over the fucking laughter okay so
crank up the monitor if you can cuz I can't hear this is one last hold on
Travis I need to get this audio issue corrected first before you go on any
longer Paul I need way more monitor because they're busting up so fucking
hard that I can't hear Travis is great bit thank you Paul the monitor is as
high as it will go Griffin okay well then you clap you fucking animals are
gonna have to keep it down a little bit cuz I can't hear Travis and he's like
really Frederick Bauer the inventor of what famous snack food is buried here
Pringles Pringles and for bonus points in a Pringles can that's correct my town
now I lay claim to the town the winner is Justin McElroy time for my victory
speech this show used to be about something
welcome to Munch Squad it's podcast within a podcast within a podcast
profiling the latest and greatest in brand eating today I have exciting news
for you about Kentucky Fried Chicken some of you are from Kentucky and Crocs
so KFC and Crocs made shoes it could have gone either way
KFC and Crocs debut bucket clogs and New York's biggest weekend fashion a word
that used to have meaning but now it's just a collection of syllables clog
sounds like a terrible bathroom mistake yeah Kentucky Fried Chicken purveyor of
world-famous fried chicken oh is that what they do has partnered with Crocs I
do like though that it didn't say like super good yeah the creators of the
world's most delightfully comfortable shoes to introduce this spring's hottest
shoes Kentucky Fried Chicken cross Crocs clogs oh right off the tongue and into a
toilet I'm going this is the moment I will describe the shoes for you they are
Crocs the bottom of them is red and white then they have pictures of chicken
on them and then they have two little chicken wings on top I have not
exaggerated this I will enhance the image as much as I can for you here in
the in the theater and then you could enjoy this picture of the shoes show me
these show me these bad boys this is what they are their shoes of the chicken
yeah that looks a lot like you are wearing some fucking chicken right on
your feet that you walk on right yes thank you young brands so here's the
deal on these motherfuckers KFC and Crocs partnered to make two versions of the
limited edition Crocs the first Kentucky Fried Chicken cross Crocs bucket clog is
a sky-high platform avant-garde version that global artists me love me a lot
MLMA what the fuck does global artists can we can we fucking calm down debuted
while attending shows during New York's biggest week in fashion on February 11th
I'm assuming fashion week is trademarked the second Kentucky Fried Chicken cross
Crocs classic clog a classic clog version fucking fuck will be available
for good news dumb shits consumer purchase in spring of 2020 quote
combining the unmistakable look of our world-famous fried chicken and
signature KFC bucket with the unparalleled comfort and style of
Crocs these shoes are what fried chicken footwear dreams are made of
said Andrea Zolonsky she's the KFC USC mo okay wait so Andrea said that
sentence here's the sentence I want to say with some of my seconds on earth
these are the shoes that fried chicken footwear dreams are made of if you've
had those you should see a doctor obviously that's not the dreams of a
healthy mind they feature a realistic Kentucky Fried Chicken pattern because
there's nothing worse than people looking at your shoes and saying that
chickens not real and a nod to the iconic red stripe bucket they're sure
fulfill all your finger-licking fashion dreams and they're also the number one
shoes to be arrested in for forging driver's license if you want to be
arrested and dragged from your home in front of all your neighbors for forging
driver's license these are the shoes to do it in don't forget the sides this
clog also comes with I'm not fucking with you the clog comes with two
removable chicken scented gibbet charms chicken I need you to say those words
again but I need you to say them one at a time sort of explaining their
relevance to one another removable and that's probably where you tripped up
because who the fuck would want to take the chicken legs off their shoes who the
fuck would want their shoes smell like chicken all the time hey good news local
dogs I've got someone to hump and you're going to very much enjoy it local dogs
this tasty collaboration of American icons a you word that used to mean
something and it is now just a loose collaboration syllables hey it's truly
an original recipe for success fucking success by what metric as crocs
continues to create new unexpected actually no saw this one coming brand
clap that you are the people that made a bucket of food and called it a meal and
put a bunch of gravy and mashed potato and garbage in a bowl and we're like
it's lunch it's not you're partnering with claw crocs makes perfect sense it's
an unexpected brand collaboration we're thrilled with this bucket list
partnership because you wear them before you die with Kentucky Fried Chicken
that will bring fans an unbelievably fun and fashionable take on our classic
clog says Terrence Riley a crocs person that used to have hopes and dreams I
it used to be about the shoes man we're we're honored to feature this fashion
forward style between two iconic American brands at one of New York's
biggest weeks in fashion I feel like I've been stuck in a 30-second loop for
about seven minutes now if nothing else I mean I'm impressed by how many
different ways they found to say how excited they are about these stinky
chicken fans can sign up on crocs calm to be the first receiver reminder when
the limited edition fried chicken footwear is available for sale this
spread it those lucky enough to score a pair once available will be killed on
site will be cold those looking at a score pair will be the first with their
backs against the wall when their evolution comes the next PR release on
quick service restaurants is Popeye's let's loose a bunch of mountain lions
run chicken crocs wearers they and those lucky enough to score a pair once
available can share how they're styling their hashtag KFC crocs by tagging
crocs and KFC on social just in case you want to spread the message that you're a
real dummy to a wider audience that is available to you right now on social
media that said would indeed buy a pair probably for the fun of it yeah I want
all of you tonight that's when you leave and you tweet about this show about how
great it was just go ahead and use that hashtag KFC Crocs let's get it trending
let's see if we can get that up there anyway that's gonna do it for this
episode of Munch Squad a podcast within a podcast thank you Phyllis thank you
uh damn here's one sent by Adrian Cowell's thank you Adrian it's by Yahoo
answers user blue fox socks who asks has anyone else ever craved a smell I am
currently craving the smell of scrambled eggs which is a food I don't like the
taste of so has anyone else ever craved the smell of a food okay now what I I
have to imagine that what they're not saying is smell the food and wanted to
eat it because now yes that is literally what every being smell works what I
think they're saying is man I wish I was smelling scrambled eggs right now that's
explicitly what they're saying Travis I get this okay what do you wish you were
can I ask what food you wish you were smelling no not eating only smelling with
your nose senses right now the Bavarian nuts from the cart you know the one or
they have at the movie theater sometime you smell them and they smell so fucking
good you could float on this the stink just like float along with your nose
like in cartoons and then we eat them they're kind of chewy and not that great
and destroy your fillings yeah yeah so that's maybe one where I would crave the
smell but not but let's talk about the let's talk about the word crave you walk
into a movie theater has one of these obviously you crave that smell right away
at what point today have you Justin been like I want to smell those nuts
hey hey Sid hey Sid hey girls be quiet daddy's talking hey Sid I can't stop
thinking about how much I want to smell those movie nuts sir I'm gonna need to
see your ticket to dr. Doolittle no I'm not here to see the movie just you smell
them nuts I've already been arrested at this point I'm assuming many times
children out in the car repeating my great catchphrase I've gotta smell these
nuts well that is Robert Downey jr.'s best joke in Doolittle he's hanging out
with that chipmunk yeah I haven't seen no he Griffin do you have a curve smells
do I ever crave smells why no Justin I can't say that I do funny if I was
thanks for thanks for playing along forget a lot home I'd be happy if you
played along on stage Travis name the smell you crave well my dirty little
secret here he goes I kind of wish I was smelling KFC right now you kind of
talked it up a lot hey did anybody else in this building at some point in the
last ten minutes think to themselves I would fucking crush some kids I find
that to be that is on the list of foods that I like the idea of eating sure yeah
of course in concept yeah it's acid which which now I'm thinking maybe the
concept is the smell I like the smell amount of flavor I like tasting a smell
level of how much of this chicken do you want just one smell just one smell
whatever particles can be wafted in the air is as much as I need to consume now
with my 36 year old body that can no longer stomach there's fried stick right
hey guys bad news I just remembered candles
this if you can see Griffin's computer just as candles in 80.5 he had it
tattooed on his body so you never forget John G loves to smell candles yeah I
don't have candles guys but even then okay it's a huge industry do you think
okay now what Griffin is saying is the end of the bit yeah you can't really
there's no when you're looking at your collection of candles and choosing one
you are craving a smell at that point here's what I want to know and I've
never thought about this before but now we have this this audience that I can
ask by round of applause is anyone here ever been sitting at home and thought I
need to go buy a candle that smells like black okay from sitting at home from
nothing you're just like oh I wish I had a candle that smelled like hot chocolate
and that's worth going to the store Travis I'm a moderately successful
podcaster I don't have to buy candles do you make them what does that mean
don't apparently they just show up at your door like an early edition you
don't need this candle tomorrow hey Justin how about another question I'd
love that Griff I'm getting married to a wonderful woman later this year but
recently learned she often fails the prove you are human tests on websites
the other day after several failed attempts I had to tell her which photos
to click to get through how can I be sure that the love of my life is not a
robot and that's from hoping they're human from Huntington West Virginia are
you here what's up River City super quick sounds like both of you are here
are we related or friends did we go to high school together okay no okay so
you're lying do you know do you know Josh Doddrell hey do you know all the
same other people from Huntington that I know do you know Griffin McElroy hey
so hmm him test is hard I get it let's talk about these tests and I don't know
whoa stand back just I didn't want to start that when it says click all the
boxes that have pictures of the crosswalk on it it wants you to click
all the pictures of the street that have like the crosswalk paint on it the space
above the crosswalk is still crosswalk that's where my body walks and crosses
the street so I checked that some fucking computer is like no now which
one of us is the computer same thing happens to me because it says click all
the signs and I do that but then also I think that doorknob means he's a ghost
I'm gonna be fun movie that's six cents but it wasn't gonna work even if it did
make sense that happens with me sometimes where it's like click all like
the cars and there'll be like a tiny little bit and I'm like does that count
I won't click it and then that's how I find out I'm a robot right so I'm
staying silent because I don't want to be named in the Seinfeld suit right
about to be called against you guys okay fair enough okay let me take it a
different direction okay so what if she's not okay interesting man them
Cylons and Battlestar were pretty convincing yeah you love this being I assume
human not human as long as they can eat food in a convincing manner and not die
like an AI when Haley Joel Osment ate the salad or whatever and then was like
it got all his gummy work he like fully died that movies what why can we say if
you're designing some like a robot to be a boy not being able to eat cuz he'll
die is a big whip not being able to take one bite of salad at a pool party your
robot sucks shit I just make a tube straight down what do you have to go
into the gear yeah what would it make that more believable is if it had been
pizza cuz I think even if he knew he was gonna die an eight-year-old robot be
like hell yeah let's go fuck up some pizza okay absolutely here you start by
rubbing your finger your feet that's what they're called on the carpet and
doing a like static shock with the finger if they surpass that that's step
one we're going and then you escalate it leading to like the full Blade Runner
test where you make a bunch Blade Runner you make a bunch Blade Runner and if
they can sit through the whole thing years old robots aren't real I do now
wait hold on stop yes they are Toyota can make one that like
walks up a couple stairs before it eats shit but otherwise robots aren't real
you're fine it's fucking movie magic so like fucking chill I I do you know what
I like about the robot tests what at some point a human came up with that
and they're like fuck yeah this will get them they'll never be able to identify
patterns I fucking got him Valerie do you think when a computer comes across
like I know what a fucking street light is a street light as you can hey hey I've
got Google in me yeah I know your social security number you think I can't find
the street lights if computers can't tell what street lights are let's maybe
not have auto driving cars that's a good point if they can't identify crosswalks
you cross like it no no I don't I'm a computer get out of the way I also can't
tell you what a bus is why is it all car shit all the tests are all car shit
whatever show moments of true happiness find the sad woman here's a identify the
heartbroken child where's the couple faking it this boy has a balloon why is
he happy one of these men is envisioning his death what is death
that's a robot voice oh very good should we do no we weren't gonna keep
talking about this just as a robot this is the first time I have engaged with
podcast
everybody this is Griffin McElroy thank you for joining us in the new era of
podcasting for my brother my brother and me a lifestyle examination of the human
condition and this is 501 this is a live show sure yeah sure it's a live show
we're out on a boat somewhere for the JoCo cruise like like that Lonely Island
song you remember the one that's like I'm on a boat and everyone really liked
that so I hope you like this episode and the first sponsor is audible and there
they have books but not like the books your your mom and dad read these are new
sound books spoken word entertainment and audiobooks and if you join audible
every month if you remember you get one credit to pick any title that to grab
plus two audible originals from a monthly selection and you get access to
daily news digest as well as guided meditation programs that's so much stuff
you get the gift of found time by listening while commuting cooking taking
care of other chores whatever they're not gonna judge you for anything man you
download titles you can listen to them offline anywhere anytime don't even
sweat it I like it in the car I do listen to it in the car because I can't
read a book in the car normally cuz my where my eyes go for book reading I need
to keep on the asphalt outside thank you very much visit audible.com slash
brother or text brother to 500 500 that's audible.com slash brother or text
brother to 500 500 you know what else is red hot right now why blue apron and
that's just a little thing I whipped up that blue apron you can use just
whenever they want to they've got even more weekly recipes than ever and so
it's easier than ever to eat well you are gonna choose from a variety of chef
designed ready-to-cook meals with perfectly portioned ingredients and
lots of flavorful options and then they're gonna send them right to your
door in a box you're gonna open that box and then make these meals in 40 minutes
or less some of them are as low as 20 minutes this food's gonna be ready
before you even start making it it's gonna rip open the time stream so
that's pretty cool cooking doesn't have to be a hassle blue
apron gives you options and makes it easy taking the guesswork out of dinner
so you can enjoy a home-cooked meal I love me blue apron I love me you'll
never get me blue apron but you should actually get me me blue apron because I
did learn how to cook from it and it's a valuable skill and it's a it's a great
box y'all check out this week's menu and get $60 off when you visit blue apron
comm slash my brother that's blue apron comm slash my brother blue apron feed
your soul finally we're also sponsored by Squarespace Squarespace gonna help
you make a website no matter who you are what you are what you do are you a
jewelry designer are you a blogger are you a museum or rather do you are you
the admin for a museum are you a are you a ambulatory literal living art museum
because I think so anyway Squarespace is gonna help you make a website that's
gonna showcase your work sell products and services of all kinds or promote
your physical or online business or you know everything else that a website can
do they've got beautiful customizable templates created by world-class
designers everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box they got
analytics they got free and secure hosting and there's nothing to patch or
upgrade ever go to Squarespace comm slash my brother for a free trial and
when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off
your first purchase of a website or a domain thanks again like I said we are
on the boat right now but next week we're gonna be kicking off the max fun
drive and we have a ton of super fun stuff planned for that we got bonus
episodes just ready and raring to go for new and upgrading donors and just just a
lot of great a lot of great content coming your way so we hope you're
looking forward to that and we sure do appreciate you we appreciate everybody
who came to this Cincinnati show had a real fun time I'm doing okay after my
terrible spill thank you for asking I know there's a lot of concern if you
want to see what kind of stunts I've got planned for our next live shows why don't
you find out by coming out to a show because in April we're gonna be coming
to Boston we're gonna be coming to frickin Baltimore we're gonna be coming
to Norfolk Virginia we're gonna be in Mashantucket Connecticut just like doing
our dang thing and we want you to come out and see us there's still some
tickets available so go to McElroy dot family and if you live in those places
or want to travel those places come see us cut up do that because we'd love to
see you I think that's it enjoy the rest of the episode goodbye hi I am Lori
Kilmartin and I'm Jackie Kishan together we host a podcast called the Jackie and
Lori show we're both stand-up comics we recently met each other because women
weren't allowed to work together on the road or in gigs for a long long time and
so our friendship has been unfolding on this podcast for a couple years Jackie
constantly works the road I write for Conan and then I work the road in
between we do a lot of stand-up comedy and so we celebrate stand-up and we also
bitch about it we keep it to an hour we don't have any guests we somehow find
enough to talk about every single week so find us you can subscribe to the
Jackie and Lori show at maximum fun org or wherever you get your podcasts
goodbye hello hello hey how's it going guys good right so I sorry what's your
if you when you come down like if you want to give us your name okay I'm
Courtney hi though I have oh oh you're back okay I have some I have a baby oh
congrats well I have three kids but the baby's the one that matters oh well then
whoa that's what our parents said to you oh wait that's good for me yes so I have
a baby and I have to work so we I work for the Ohio State University so we have
a we have a pumping you're shelling for your college yeah no but so we have a
pumping room because we're pretty progressive and also legally they're
supposed to have so legally legally legally mandated humanity I spent a good
deal of my time in the lactation room pumping my own human milk right so so
it's it's real boring in there and all I can hear is that noise of the pump I'm
sure you're all familiar yeah and and the real problem is I've tried to come
up with a couple ways that were like fun to help pass the time first I tried
knitting but then I needed my hands and then I tried listening to podcasts or
watching TV the real problem is we make you laugh so hard it doesn't happen well
no the real problem is the pumping room is attached to a conference room we're a
little too ribald for the business I start like there's a wall they can't see
me but I here's the thing there's always a meeting in there every time I have to
go in and so between the and the meat cackling with laughter yeah yeah so is
there anything I can do to have fun while pumping my own human milk that's
not too loud sure sure sure sure sure super normal question yeah it's hey can
I say something this is like our thousandth live show this is like the
bottom 15% of like normal see I don't think you have anything to worry about
I also breast milk and pumping and breastfeeding is totally normal it's
chill hey hey I we posed this to Sydney backstage and she said she used to do
competitions with another doctor that was also pumping see who could grind
out the most like they were on an episode of wild and crazy kids like it
right like while they were pumping they chased the giant earth ball around right
they would they would pump it out they would put it on a bowl on another kid's
head and he would try to take as much as we could over the beaker and dump it out
without spilling any no they would just have regular competitions to see who
could get the most milk right human milk you made it weird not me that's one
thing you could use if there's something else in there just get into a comic make
it competitive we don't share the room don't share the room I mean you're gonna
need just do it on Twitch and that way you're gonna need a Rita Hayworth poster
and some rock working tools this has been in every episode of the last ten
did you just see that movie for the first time okay I just remembered the
name Rita Hayworth okay cool I'm really excited about it I'm gonna get you out
of this business the hard way pump through some horrible sewer tubes but in
the end I know how to keep you busy during breast pump you gotta get the
fuck out of there what about an audiobook some that's sad yeah it's not funny it's
just a thing you could do maybe a crossword you said it's boring right
it's incredibly boring yeah I can I imagine that is true so you want to just
like get done with it right if I mean do you have tips for lactating faster I'm
about to say instead of a podcast I got this instead of a podcast instead of an
audiobook before you're too mean remember he is a man with a broken ass
go on why don't you put on on the cans on the ones and twos some quad city
DJs that's gonna get things moving that is how it works yeah I clearly I didn't
think that everybody was going to make such a big deal about or else I wouldn't
have started my great quad city DJs Elvis Costello bump it up that's a
little bit more on the nose on brand a fushigi but with one hand one-handed
contact juggling pumping iron pumping iron white that's good there's no
reason the other hand can't get swole wire of pumping human milk you've
ruined it now does that help hey how about this what if you just scream and
scream at the top of your lungs and then you could be like oh I guess the wall
should be a bit thicker in the pumping room gang and then you can listen to
podcasts and laugh yeah hello my name is Brian hi Brian my girlfriend is really
awesome but she's kind of a picky eater okay and she really only likes one
restaurant and that's fizzle ease I have never heard a reaction like that in my
life it was like one third of the audience was like fuck yeah and the
other third was like you and the other third was like yeah so what the fuck is
the problem Brian I just really don't like fizzle ease fucking too good for
unlimited free breadsticks proper I don't get the breadsticks they're like
salty bread it doesn't it's not like work with Brian you two can handle
Brian hey Brian let me give you a piece of advice right now back off the
breadsticks Brian is your significant other here hello where are they hello
hello I am so sorry about Brian I just wanted to share your pain go on help
Brian salty bread Justin do you need a man yeah yeah I'm gonna take a minute
why Brian's doing his thing my roommates and my friends find that really funny so
every time we funny about it whenever we have to find somewhere to eat they all
vote fizzle ease and so we get fizzle ease like way too much and I just never
want to go there again so what can I do to never have to walk into a fizzle ease
ever again you got to eat the soap Brian the problem is the more you say no the
more you're against it the funnier they'll think it is okay you're gonna
have to hey where's that stuff and when you stop reading the Justin
McElroy memoir audiobook aloud you can then continue your conversation that's
how you dealt with bullies in school if bullies in school were like what's up
fucking idiot I'm gonna give you fizzle ease now I'd be like bullying is
awesome I like it let me get some cyber bullying to cyber fizzle ease hell yeah
fizzle ease is just like nasty Olive Garden right it's like use the phrase in
and of itself it's like if Olive Garden fucked that be fizzle ease so I don't
think I'm with on team Justin here I do not see the issue but that's their
slogan fizzle ease when you don't want to drive to the mall we fuck the bread
sticks are oh they're unlimited I didn't you can have as many as you want right
you know that how about the baked ziti okay wait Brian even buying into your
point even if they weren't that good how good do they have to be to make
unlimited a good deal you know me if they're 1% good Brian eat a hundred of
them Brian did you know they make us they make a sandwich out of him now
Brian well they'll put super sloppy pizza in the middle of the breadstick
they'll cut the breadstick open put the pizza fixings right in there Brian I'm
you know what I'm on team Justin Brian you've got to develop an affinity I'm
sorry I've been so hard on you I just haven't eaten bread for five days and I
would do despicable things you would walk to the box office and demand a
refund for the fucking spectacle it'd be like when King Kong frees himself on
stage and he's just eating people like that would be your reaction to my
housing unlimited they I hope they are unlimited because that it will be my
consumption we thought they were unlimited but it turns out there was a
limited number of them okay you've got to develop an affinity for some place
that gets even more nastier and more ribald than fazoles and can we think of
any chunky cheese that's too fun there's lots of great games fun stuff there what
is golden corral options options very good hey we don't guys this is a
podcast that has a segment in it called munch squad we don't need reminders of
what bad restaurants are what if just the next time in anticipation of this
you just bought a bunch of frozen breadsticks and you're like office always
I've got it in a delivery it's the Brian and he's like open the freezer Brian
does that help that's very helpful thank you thank you bye we did basically just
yell at you for six minutes for not liking the bad food fazoles and I'm
sorry I said who the fuck are you you're great I'm sorry that was mean hello hi
hi what do you have to say about fazoles
I'm sorry I interrupted begin again I apologize hi my name is Ryan right
answer him hello okay so I am going to driving school currently to you know
learn how to drive nice like a normal performing citizen one of the top things
to do a driving school it's that and find yourself well I fell asleep like
mid-class one that is driving okay we were all on that page right okay good
right you're fine go on anyways I passed hopefully I will too but I woke up and
there was just a mint in my mouth
and I didn't I didn't consume a mint before I assume so why are you wouldn't
ask the question Ryan we've been doing this for 60 minutes you can't introduce
such challenging ideas to support the podcast it was not a mint okay let's
dig deep okay are there other details you wish to share about this mystery
before I call her cute poro so uses a little gray sales well okay I was
considering like confronting the class like thank you for the free man I'm not
mad I'm just disappointed Ryan what happened what happened Ryan that would
be a horrible like no one would mess up to putting a mint in my mouth I was I
would yeah from downtown I know but I yelled buckets it was awesome
were you sleeping like this there's no okay no there's no position you can lay
in that invites someone to place a mint in your no no I'm not saying I want to
clarify that for everyone real quick okay let me rephrase everybody's
cheering like this is a problem I agree if it did happen it would be a problem
that would invite some sort of evil mint bandit to try to say this is not a good
kid doing this this is a is there a driving school class clown if so don't
let them on the road but it's not even a class clown it's a class like pushy oral
hygienist like it's not clownish behavior no clown has ever been like
your fingers got in my goddamn mouth for real they did sometimes I surprise even
myself Ryan are these mints that you consume on a regular basis this brand of
mint no could you place it could you place the mint type yeah was it mentos
was it okay hold on let's just let's at least establish this size of mint are we
talking about a tic-tac are we talking about like a fucking candy cane
social threats in what we got yes I woke up with the whole candy oh now it's
weird yeah no it's like one of those little white like swirly ones or an
Altoid or like a spin five more minutes figuring out okay like a life save like
a like a search like a yeah okay okay everyone put your heads down if you are
the one raise your hand I won't be mad seeing a lot of hands go up oh Jesus
this was a heist all right Ryan is it possible that they were paying it
forward but they didn't really understand the point this will be is it
possible that this will be nice I was about to ask if that helps but I know it
doesn't so let's part peacefully and amicably Paul's got mints for you Paul's
got a cruel mockery offering a mint Paul has made this a an ARG that makes it all
better Paul that's very everyone enjoy yeah some Paul's great Paul by the way
do you still have my mint container that still has all my road ecstasy in it oh
no not to be confused with your whole ecstasy for home use hey what's up hi my
name is Maya you she heard trans rights what's up Maya said trans rights Maya I
would just want to thank you you've been last in line but you've been so
visibly supportive of all of our question ask your hand when I asked who
put them in quite the fucking twist the right behind you it was Maya anyways my
question is I put a mint in someone's mouth okay I'm sorry to take away from your remote
I'm a little drunk they put like six shots in the Jack and Coke out there oh
damn my town that's so weird I asked the bartender to make it strong as we were
walking past because they said I told him it's funnier if the thank you all
right what's your question Maya so my little sister is extremely popular in
high school she's cool like everybody okay I showed her ginko jeans at first
right oh yes and she screamed that they were ugly okay pearls before swine right
Maya did she say those are the fazoles of pants not incorrect
that plus there's lots of places the high free bread yes how big are the legs
they're already 30 to 40 breadsticks at least okay so jinkos were a bust so I
showed her acid wash jeans and she was into it yeah she's got two eyes and a
heart how how can I get her to bring it back into style to influence all her
friends at school to bring acid wash jeans back for the why so that you may
wear acid wash jeans absolutely okay father-in-law makes the best acid wash
jeans you've ever seen okay so I see what we're doing here all right Maya
it's very delete a little bit you got the smoke as they want jeans on tap it's
a profit deal you're trying to create a market for these great jeans okay my
dad's got barrels and barrels of jeans acid he can acid wash anything not just
jeans he hasn't washed the dog this jeans he asked and wash around a rabbit
okay now here's the thing she can't wear them absolutely not what she needs to do
is show pictures of them to other people and say I wish I had a pair of these
because yeah but you don't get high on your own supply what where my dad's
actually I'm cool my legs have to maintain a very specific pH balance
wearing your own acid wash jeans is a perversion my father-in-law gonna test
so but here's the thing I don't wear acid wash jeans all the time and I don't
influence people to wear acid wash jeans step two why not why not I don't really
give a shit do you think that the one influences the other that if you maybe
wore them more often you would influence more people yeah but I do think that
there would be at least at that point a causal relationship between the two
things what if you stood up right now and suddenly you had on acid wash and
just under the table we've had a slow drip of acid on the group it's like no
what's been slowly tripping onto my legs the whole time we've been doing this
show is blood and cerebrospinal fluid
you could just have her start a rumor that all the big streamers are wearing
acid wash jeans underneath there yeah like if ninja stood up and he was just
wearing acid wash jeans and then some other ones that I'm sure have names
stood up to and all the streamers had acid wash jeans I don't know how she's
gonna make that now that I say it it sounds stupid this isn't just got his
lucky acid wash jeans under on under his everywhere's I'm like everything
else we've said so far this isn't gonna help but this is just a question I'm now
wondering about for your father-in-law yes you gotta set a pretty specific
timer for acid washing jeans right because if you go too long no more G
they're just white jeans there's gotta be a boy you're like oh did I get those
then you've got jeans washed acid and no one's gonna buy that my eye does that
help yeah it's the best we deserve thank you
go ahead and bring those house lights down we appreciate you we did not
deserve the Taft Theatre to be full of human beings again seven months after we
were here and you all still did and you're so sweet we didn't want to travel
very far cuz Travis has just had a new Cincinnati a new Cincinnati baby so
we're so thrilled to be here with you we'll be here again tomorrow night this
is also was a great kickoff to the laughter and wonderful delightful to her
kickoff I've actually think we still have a few tickets for tomorrow if you
all want to come back if you're not already oh y'all have we announced what
tomorrow's Taz is no y'all it's a fucking it's gonna be a lot of fun it's
it's it's like a new game system it's a new game system created by me Justin
McElroy I've never I've never done it before and it's gonna be a little bit
silly so make sure you don't miss that it's gonna be quite good I know it might
not be good it will be something it'll be a thing I also want to thank you to
our kind of laughter and love decor here with our glasses from Amanda Amanda
our visitor who just like bought these and flew with them which I imagine seeing
that go through x-ray must have raised a couple of flags but here's the thing I
am unironically enjoy I'd enjoy it yes these are quite nice thank you to our
families thank you to saw bones for our daddy Clinton McElroy thank you to to
Paul our trusted our trusted did you think John Rodger in the long winters
to bed no I didn't we are all going to be or at least I personally am going to
be sprinting back to the hotel to help put my child in bed which I am I have 15
seconds to wrap this up before I reach the time where I told Rachel I would be
back at the hotel so and I gotta come up with a game system so yeah so we will
not be like hanging out after the show but we will be here tomorrow to blow
your asses away here is a no big promises that I have to deliver on right
no press do get ready to see the most amazing thing you okay this one was
sent in by so many people for the last like month or so so let's just like do
it thanks everybody it's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user who I'm going to call
William asks how was Batman alive if his parents died
my name is Justin McElroy I'm Charles I'm Griffin McElroy it's been my brother
my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
maximum fun org comedy and culture artist-owned audience supported